Si Xiaoxiao, don't blame me for being cruel
Blame it on you for offending someone you shouldn't have offended
Don't be afraid
It's me, your brother
Don't say anything
Don't do this.
Si Xiaoxiao, how many times have I said it?
You just won't?
It's not in my hands yet.
Sooner or later you have to marry me
What if you give it to me now?
Ah, anyone there?
Anyone help
Shout louder
If you scream your throat, no one will come to your rescue.
But I advise you
Or shout softer to save your energy
Otherwise, I won't have the strength to shout later.
Didn't we grow up together?
You see, I'm going to marry you sooner or later
Why are you in a hurry?
Right? Marry me?
Since you want to marry me
Why did you run that day?
If it weren't for you running away
Will I be beaten up by the smashing single person in love?
Uh bitch
I wouldn't.
Let you go.
It's his own
You want revenge
Are you going to find him?
What do you want from me?
If you hadn't run away that day
I wouldn't have suffered this.
So all this
It's all your fault, it's all your fault, it's all your fault, it's all your fault
But
Soon you will be mine
I have a way